>> Steve Kinney: As consistent with our
current pattern, I implemented Open and
Save for the full markdown file.
Do you know what you're gonna implement?
SaveHTML, right?
So a same basic pattern,
I'll save this branch and I'll push it up.
And then you're gonna do the same thing.
You're gonna add one more
menu item called saveHTML.
If you wanna make it,
you don't have to give it an accelerator,
I don't know if exporting
always will have one.
You can give it Cmd+E if you want,
Command+Shift+S,
whatever makes you the happiest
you can go ahead and give it.
What we wanna do is same thing, we wanna
refactor out that event listener to it's
own method, send a message from the main
process to the renderer process.
And then when that happens, go ahead and
call that saveHTML function that we
already have in the main process.